README.md, before:

# Entando PDA Core Engine

[![Build Status](https://jenkins.entandocloud.com/buildStatus/icon?job=de-pda-core-engine-master)](https://jenkins.entandocloud.com/job/de-pda-core-engine-master/)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/entando/pda-core-engine/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/entando/pda-core-engine?branch=master)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstatusbadge-jx.apps.serv.run%2Fentando%2Fpda-core-engine)](https://github.com/entando/devops-results/tree/logs/jenkins-x/logs/entando/pda-core-engine/master)
[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=entando_pda-core-engine&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=entando_pda-core-engine)
[![Coverage](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=entando_pda-core-engine&metric=coverage)](https://entando.github.io/devops-results/pda-core-engine/master/jacoco/index.html)
[![Vulnerabilities](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=entando_pda-core-engine&metric=vulnerabilities)](https://entando.github.io/devops-results/pda-core-engine/master/dependency-check-report.html)
[![Code Smells](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=entando_pda-core-engine&metric=code_smells)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=entando_pda-core-engine)
[![Security Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=entando_pda-core-engine&metric=security_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=entando_pda-core-engine)
[![Technical Debt](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=entando_pda-core-engine&metric=sqale_index)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=entando_pda-core-engine)

Interfaces and base classes for implementing a specific BPM Engine implementation for Entando PDA

Commit message:

PDA-112 Testing JX integration (#39)
* Update README.md

* Updated README.

* Updated README.

* PDA-112 updating with nexus information.

Co-authored-by: filipeleandro87@gmail.com <ffleandro>

README.md, after:

# Entando PDA Core Engine

Jenkins:
[![Build Status](https://jenkins.entandocloud.com/buildStatus/icon?job=de-pda-core-engine-master)](https://jenkins.entandocloud.com/job/de-pda-core-engine-master/)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/entando/pda-core-engine/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/entando/pda-core-engine?branch=master)

Jenkins X:
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstatusbadge-jx.apps.serv.run%2Fentando%2Fpda-core-engine)](https://github.com/entando/devops-results/tree/logs/jenkins-x/logs/entando/pda-core-engine/master)
[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=entando_pda-core-engine&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=entando_pda-core-engine)
[![Coverage](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=entando_pda-core-engine&metric=coverage)](https://entando.github.io/devops-results/pda-core-engine/master/jacoco/index.html)
[![Vulnerabilities](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=entando_pda-core-engine&metric=vulnerabilities)](https://entando.github.io/devops-results/pda-core-engine/master/dependency-check-report.html)
[![Code Smells](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=entando_pda-core-engine&metric=code_smells)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=entando_pda-core-engine)
[![Security Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=entando_pda-core-engine&metric=security_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=entando_pda-core-engine)
[![Technical Debt](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=entando_pda-core-engine&metric=sqale_index)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=entando_pda-core-engine)

Interfaces and base classes for implementing a custom BPM Engine support for Entando PDA Plugin:
* https://github.com/entando/entando-process-driven-plugin

Supported BPM Engines:
* Red Hat PAM: https://github.com/entando/pda-redhatpam-engine/pulls 

Sonar Cloud Report:
* https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=entando_pda-core-engine

Jars deployed on Nexus:
* https://nexus-jx.apps.serv.run/
